Separate deploy examples (#7099)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/deploy-to-capistrano.adoc

---
description: "This is document provides examples of deploying to Capistrano"
version:
- Cloud
- Server v3.x
- Server v2.x
---
= Deploy to Capistrano
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:icons: font
:toc: macro
:toc-title:

> This pages proivdes a configuration for deployment to Capistrano. Once your project is set up to use Capistrano, you can run link:https://github.com/capistrano/capistrano/blob/master/README.md#command-line-usage[deployment commands] within your CircleCI job steps as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides a configuration for deployment to Capistrano. Once your project is set up to use Capistrano, you can run link:https://github.com/capistrano/capistrano/blob/master/README.md#command-line-usage[deployment commands] within your CircleCI job steps as required.
```
